Some language improvements and better active voice for OTEL collector. (#482)
kubewarden/docs: docs/howtos/telemetry/20-tracing-qs.md

  <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.kubewarden.io/howtos/telemetry/tracing-qs"/>
</head>

This section shows how to enable tracing support for
Policy Server.

:::note
Before continuing, make sure you completed the previous
[OpenTelemetry](10-opentelemetry-qs.md#install-opentelemetry) section
of this documentation. Its required for this section to work correctly.
:::

Tracing lets you collect fine grained details about policy evaluations. It can
be a useful tool for debugging issues in your Kubewarden deployment and policies.

You use [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/) -- to receive, store and visualize trace
events.

## Install Jaeger

You use the [Jaeger Operator](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger-operator)
to manage the different Jaeger components. You can install the Jaeger Operator using Helm charts.

:::note

> At the time of writing (2024-12-23), only specific versions of Jaeger are compatible with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing (2022-06-21), only specific versions of Jaeger are compatible with
```
